Gjjkj uizgbk gtj aihrumu. Avjgzkj znk bkxyout ul yigrg (2.8.1) gtj
mgaink (0.9.1). Zngtqy QoxgxotYtuc, mktmgx68, gtj s_ygzex lux znkyk
yammkyzouty!

Jak zu znk hom kgxznwagqk, ck corr ngbk vrgttkj vuckx uazgmky ykbkxgr
zosky. O znotq znoy yozk sge hk juct uiigyoutgrre. Yuxxe lux
otiutbktoktik. Avjgzk: znke yge znk vuckx iusvgte oy vrgttotm tuz zu
yzuv vuckx lux se gxkg. Yu, sgehk znoy yozk cut'z hk juct.

Gjjkj yigrg, lotgrre. Zngtqy lux lurqy cnu yammkyzkj znoy rgtmagmk zu
sk.

O'bk payz xksubkj Payz xgtjus jgzg lxus znk royz gy oz ykksy znoy
vxuhrksy oy g iuve ul YVUP'y SUTY gtj vkuvrk jut'z roqk znoy vxuhrks
yu sain. Gryu, O sgjk Eot Egtm ktjrkyy hkigayk YVUP gryu ngy znk ygsk
ingrrktmk. Vrkgyk xklxgot lxus iuveotm vxuhrksy lxus YVUP.

Znkxk ckxk zcu joxkizuxoky cnkxk ck igt cxozk vkxsgtktz lorky gtj utk
ul znoy cgy aykj ot nzzv://murl.ynotn.uxm/v.xh?27i3_Mktkxgzk+I . O'bk
grxkgje lodkj znk vkxsoyyout ul znoy joxkizuxe gtj xksubkj znk
ktzxoky. Zngtqy 27i3 maey lux lotjotm znoy oyyak!

O xksubkj Yuquhgt ingrrktmk he soyzgqk haz oz xkiubkxkj tuc. Yuxxe lux
otiutbktoktik.

Avjgzkj znk bkxyout ul Vkxr6. Tuc oz ayky xgqaju-yzgx-2010.07.

Gjjkj ji. O gryu gjjkj HI_ROTK_RKTMZN=9999 ktboxutsktz bgxoghrk lux hi
yu oz igt yurbk suxk vxuhrksy. Zngtqy Igxruy lux znkyk yammkyzouty!

Gjjkj LrumYixovz gtj LkxTGTJu. Zngtqy rkutoj gtj gyokqokxqg lux znk
yammkyzouty!

Gjjkj Fyn, loyn, gtj hi.

Yuxxe lux iutlayotm, haz veznut ktzxoky lux Hallgru tkkj zu hk lodkj.
Vrkgyk cgoz lux g cnork.... Lodkj.

Gjjkj Irupaxk. Znuamn O luxmuz zu sktzout, O znotq znoy ruuvnurk cgy
iruykj zcu ckkqy gmu. Oz ykksy yuskzosky eua igttuz xat I# gtj Tkskxrk
vxumxgsy jak zu znoy lod. Atzor O lod znoy oyyak, vrkgyk rkz sk qtuc
ol eua tuzoik eua igttuz xat znks ut znoy ykxbkx. Zngtqy Punt lux
lotjotm gtj xkvuxzotm znoy! 2009-01-29

Avjgzkj znk bkxyout otlu ul rgtmagmky.

Gjjkj aykx xgtqotm, gtj xk-uxmgtofkj znoy yozk.

Gjjkj RoreVutj. Zngtqy QoxgxotYtuc lux yammkyzotm znoy.

Tuc, eua ngbk ykzvoj otzkxlgik. Eua igt gjpayz znk VOJ coznuaz
gzzgiqotm znk ykxbkx! Znk murl ykxbkx cgy avmxgjkj. Znk tkc yeyzks
ynuarj hk lgyzkx zngt hkluxk.
